Add config entry unique id requirements guide (#830)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/config_entries_config_flow_handler.md

await self._async_handle_discovery_without_unique_id()
```

### Unique ID Requirements

> A Unique ID is used to match a config entry to the underlying device or api. The Unique ID must be stable and should not be able ot be changed by the user. The Unique ID can be used to update the config entry data when device access details change. For example, for devices that communicate over the local network, if the IP address changes due a new DHCP assigment, the integration can use the Unique ID to update the host using the following code snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Unique ID is used to match a config entry to the underlying device or api. The Unique ID must be stable and should not be able to be changed by the user. The Unique ID can be used to update the config entry data when device access details change. For example, for devices that communicate over the local network, if the IP address changes due a new DHCP assignment, the integration can use the Unique ID to update the host using the following code snippet:
```

> A Unique ID is used to match a config entry to the underlying device or api. The Unique ID must be stable and should not be able to be changed by the user. The Unique ID can be used to update the config entry data when device access details change. For example, for devices that communicate over the local network, if the IP address changes due a new DHCP assignment, the integration can use the Unique ID to update the host using the following code snippet:

Reviewer 2: - `api` -> `API`
- `due a new DHCP` -> `due to a new DHCP`

Author: https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant/pull/834

```
    await self.async_set_unique_id(serial_number)

>     self._abort_if_unique_id_configured({CONF_HOST: host, CONF_PORT: port})

Reviewer 2: I suggest we show the named argument:
```py
self._abort_if_unique_id_configured(updates={CONF_HOST: host, CONF_PORT: port})
```

Author: https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant/pull/834

```

> #### Example acceptable sources for a unique ID:

Author: ```suggestion
#### Example acceptable sources for a unique ID
```

- Serial number of a device

> - MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`

Reviewer: Should we mention that we want to avoid using the ip address to look up MAC address (via `getmac`) as that doesn't work in all network environments?

Author: I added some wording about where its acceptable to get the mac address from.

> - MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`

Author: ```suggestion
- MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`; The MAC address must be obtained from the device API or from a discovery handler. Tools that rely on reading the arp cache or local network access such as `getmac` will not function in all supported network environments and cannot be used.
```

> - MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`; Obtain the MAC address from the device API or a discovery handler. Tools that rely on reading the arp cache or local network access such as `getmac` will not function in all supported network environments are not acceptable.

Author: ```suggestion
- MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`; Only obtain the MAC address from the device API or a discovery handler. Tools that rely on reading the arp cache or local network access such as `getmac` will not function in all supported network environments and are not acceptable.
```

> - MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`; The MAC address must be obtained from the device API or from a discovery handler. Tools that rely on reading the arp cache or local network access such as `getmac` will not function in all supported network environments and cannot be used.

Author: ```suggestion
- MAC address: formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`; Obtain the MAC address from the device API or a discovery handler. Tools that rely on reading the arp cache or local network access such as `getmac` will not function in all supported network environments are not acceptable.
```

- Latitude and Longitude or other unique Geo Location
- Unique identifier that is physically printed on the device or burned into an EEPROM

> #### Sometimes acceptable sources for a unique ID for local devices:

Author: ```suggestion
#### Sometimes acceptable sources for a unique ID for local devices
```

- Hostname: If a subset of the hostname contains one of the acceptable sources, this portion can be used

> #### Sometimes acceptable sources for a unique ID for cloud services:

Author: ```suggestion
#### Sometimes acceptable sources for a unique ID for cloud services
```

- Email Address: Must be normalized to lowercase
- Username: Must be normalized to lowercase if usernames are case-insensitive.
- Account ID: Must not have collisions

> #### Unacceptable sources for a unique ID:

Author: ```suggestion
#### Unacceptable sources for a unique ID
```

> - IP Address

Reviewer 2: - I think we should add "hostname" to this list. To distinguish from the partial one listed above.
- Add URL maybe? Seen that a couple of times before (e.g., when using HTTP location to a device API on a local address).

Author: https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant/pull/834
